[docs] Add a note in monorepo guide about Yarn v1 and not PnP compatible (#19885)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/monorepos.mdx

import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';
import { Collapsible } from '~/ui/components/Collapsible';

> Monorepos, or _"monolithic repositories"_, are single repositories containing multiple apps or packages. It can help speed up development for larger projects, makes it easier to share code, and act as a single source of truth. This guide will set up a simple monorepo with an Expo project. We currently have first-class support for classic yarn (v1) workspaces. If you want to use another tool, make sure you know how to configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monorepos, or _"monolithic repositories"_, are single repositories containing multiple apps or packages. It can help speed up development for larger projects, make it easier to share code, and act as a single source of truth. This guide will set up a simple monorepo with an Expo project. We currently have first-class support for [classic Yarn v1](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/) workspaces. If you want to use another tool, make sure you know how to configure it.
```

Suggesting to add a link would be better and using the "Yarn" to follow the external casing as per the [writing styleguide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#follow-external-product-casing).

> Monorepos, or _"monolithic repositories"_, are single repositories containing multiple apps or packages. It can help speed up development for larger projects, make it easier to share code, and act as a single source of truth. This guide will set up a simple monorepo with an Expo project. We currently have first-class support for [classic Yarn v1](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/) workspaces. If you want to use another tool, make sure you know how to configure it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Monorepos, or _"monolithic repositories"_, are single repositories containing multiple apps or packages. It can help speed up development for larger projects, make it easier to share code, and act as a single source of truth. This guide will set up a simple monorepo with an Expo project. We currently have first-class support for [Yarn 1 (Classic)](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/) workspaces. If you want to use another tool, make sure you know how to configure it.
```

I would like to suggest sticking to the naming scheme that Yarn uses themselves. Their classic docs page title is 'Yarn Classic' (not 'classic Yarn'), if you want to include the version number then they refer to it as 'Yarn 1 (Classic)' everywhere.

Reviewer: Thanks for the suggestion Kim. This sounds good to me 👍
